>> Ben Hong: As far as
some best practice items.
So I mentioned before about the whole
global stores namespace stores things.
One of the things that I
think this is an artifact.
So I think for most of you, this is at
least here, this is not applicable.
But like, Eduardo in his course talks
about this a lot is that some clients,
they got so used to just putting
everything in a single state,
like a single store, because it
was incredibly convenient, right?
I need auth everywhere.
Might as well just put it in the store and
global store,
you know, I should track whether or
not the cookies are tracked.
That's global store.
And so, his whole thing, and
which I've seen as well,
is that don't be afraid to just
create like a bunch of small stores.
Because it doesn't cost you anything and
arguably it makes it easier because you've
already modularized these
single sources of truth.
This is my off store.
This is my cookie store.
This is my whatever,
whatever you want to call it.
And then as we saw earlier,
actually, I think the magic keys,
plus the theme is an example of like, it's
so easy to put them together if you're
like, there's this like,
let's call it on like, you know,
the settings page where like the auth and
the cookies need to live together.
Like, cool, just like grab them,
throw them in, no problem.
And so if we think, as long as we think
more like that about these stories being
single sources of truth.
Because what's scary is, what a lot
of people end up trying to do is
they get caught up in storing like
auth in multiple places, right?
Because they're like, well,
I'm updating auth here, and
then here is where auth auth updated.
And so if they incorrectly cache them and
keep them separate source of truth,
this is where our issues come in, right?
Ultimately, right?
That's like a lot of our bugs.
And so ensuring that your stores are small
helps to ensure that they are a single
source of truth, which means ultimately
you'll be less bugs over time.
And so we've talked about this
on different occasions now, but
composing stores with
other stores is a thing.
So, you saw there was a time energy store,
there's a tax store.
Our exercise later will be
to create a weak store.
So you all can basically, you're going
to convert your composable into like
a penny a store and just basically
see how you feel about that.
And then what's nice is that using other
stores within stores is as simple as you
would expect, right?
So in the event, in my time entry store,
I want to use, let's say for whatever
reason, I want to collaborate this entry
count with my total number of tasks.
I could just go import useTaskStore,
and then here I would just say,
yes, const taskStore = useTaskStore.
And then I could say const
combine count is computed and
it's going to return entry count
value plus task store task count.
And just like that, you've taken two
stores that are seemingly unrelated and
then because you've had the logic for
it, boom, you've combined them.
It pulls the piece you need, it works.
And so that was part of Eduardo's thing,
is trying to get people to understand that
unlike before, it is actually very easy
to rip apart stores, piece them together,
and then mishmash them
in other places as well.
If you keep doing that, you'll find
yourself with hopefully some pretty
elegantly crafted state management
solutions for you and your team.
Then we walked through the dev
tools with Pinia already, so
you saw what we could walk
through regarding that.